OMO
---

To-do:

    Implement tag scraper.
    Add support for more formats.


Supported Formats
-----------------

OMO currently supports playing back files in these formats on all supported
platforms: MOD, S3M, XM, IT, WAV, OGG, FLAC, AY, GBS, GYM, HES, KSS, NSF, SAP,
SPC, VGM, and VGZ.

Additional support for these formats is available on MacOS: MP2, MP3, MP4, M4A,
AAC, and MID.

Linux and MacOS also support these additional formats: 669, AMF, MTM, OKT, PSM,
PTM, and STM.

Supported for more formats on all platforms will be added in the future.


Description
-----------

The goal of this project is to provide a way to organize and play back your
entire music collection. I grew up listening to music on a computer and have a
large collection of music in various formats. In the past I had used Winamp for
its extensive support for audio formats through input plugins.

Since moving away from Windows several years ago, I've not really had a good
way to play back a large portion of my music collection. I seek to change that
situation with OMO. That music disk I downloaded from a BBS 25 years ago will
live happily alongside that album I downloaded from Amazon last week.

OMO will leverage the power of the Internet to help you organize your
collection by pulling tags submitted by others. Tag your own untagged music and
submit those tags so others don't have to duplicate the work.


Installation
------------

MacOS: Open the DMG and drag the OMO application to the Applications folder.

Linux: Use dpkg -i <package_file>, then apt-get install -f.

Windows: Extract the ZIP file wherever you want and create a shortcut to
         omo.exe.


Getting Started
---------------

The first time you run OMO, you will be presented with a simple queue window.
You can add music to the queue by using the menu items, or the Open or Add
buttons in the queue window. When opening files, playback will automatically
begin. Use the playback buttons in the queue window to move between tracks,
pause, or stop playback.

To toggle library view, press the L key. If you haven't already added a library
folder, OMO will ask you to select one before it will show the library view.
Note: the library scanning process can take a long time for larger libraries
due to the amount of information it has to process. Data on scanned files is
cached, so subsequent scans are much quicker (usually just a few seconds for
large libraries).

The library scanner will retrieve as much metadata on each file as it can find.
The tag sharing feature is not implemented yet, so tags cannot be retrieved
from online sources at this time.

Once you have set up a library folder, you can start tagging your music. To
open the tags editor, select a file in the song list pane in library view
(pane 3) or the queue list and press T.

Note: when using the library view, selecting All Artists or All Albums might
seem to freeze OMO if you have a large library. The list generation code has
not been optimized yet, so it can take a long time to generate the album and
song lists.


Contacting Us
-------------

E-Mail: todd@t3-i.com
